[docs] Document createSvgIcon() (#22843)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/icons/icons.md

yarn add @material-ui/icons@next
```

> These components use the Material-UI SvgIcon component to render the SVG path for each icon, and so they have a peer-dependency on the `next` release of Material-UI.

Reviewer: I don't understand the sentence, maybe?

```suggestion
These components use the Material-UI `SvgIcon` component to render the SVG path for each icon, and so they have a peer-dependency on it.
```

Author: ```suggestion
These components use the Material-UI `SvgIcon` component to render the SVG path for each icon, and so have a peer-dependency on `@materialui/core`.
```
?

  import { AccessAlarm, ThreeDRotation } from '@material-ui/icons';
  ```

> The safest for bundle size is Option 1, but soem developers prefer Option 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The safest for bundle size is Option 1, but some developers prefer Option 2.
```

Make sure you follow the [minimizing bundle size guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/#option-2) before using the second approach.

> Each Material icon also has a "theme": Filled (default), Outlined, Rounded, Two tone, and Sharp. To import the icon component with a theme other than default, append the theme name to the icon name. For example `@material-ui/icons/Delete` icon with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Material icon also has a "theme": Filled (default), Outlined, Rounded, Two-tone, and Sharp. To import the icon component with a theme other than the default, append the theme name to the icon name. For example `@material-ui/icons/Delete` icon with:
```

<SvgIcon component={StarIcon} viewBox="0 0 600 476.6" />
```

### createSvgIcon

> The `createSvgIcon` utility component is used to create the [Material icons](#material-icons). It can be used to wrap an SVG path with an SvgIcon component.

Reviewer: Should we avoid to abbreviate "Material Design" with "Material". Could it be confusing once we provide a second design spec and try to use "Material" with a meaning closer to https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/dictionary/english/material 😁

> a physical substance that things can be made from

?

```suggestion
The `createSvgIcon` utility component is used to create the [Material Design icons](#material-icons). It can be used to wrap an SVG path with an SvgIcon component.
```

Author: If we do (and I honestly don't think we'll ever be able to get away from Material referring to Material Design), then let's do it here then. In the meantime it's consistent with other usage.

Reviewer: Well regarding consistency, I have searched for "Material" in the source. "Material Design" seems more popular 😁.

Author: "Material icons"
https://material.io/resources/icons/?style=baseline

/>
```

> `Icon` will set the correct class name for the Material Icons font. For other fonts, you must supply the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Icon` will set the correct class name for the Material Design icons font. For other fonts, you must supply the
```

## Font vs SVG. Which approach to use?

Both approaches work fine, however there are some subtle differences, especially in terms of performance and rendering quality.
Whenever possible SVG is preferred as it allows code splitting, supports more icons, and renders faster and better.

For more details, take a look at [why GitHub migrated from font icons to SVG icons](https://github.blog/2016-02-22-delivering-octicons-with-svg/).

## Accessibility

> Icons can convey all sorts of meaningful information, so it’s important to ensure the are accessible wher appropriate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Icons can convey all sorts of meaningful information, so it’s important to ensure they are accessible where appropriate.
```

Author: Should have gone to specsavers!

Reviewer 2: > Karen, Karen, I’ve got a cat with no pulse here ― I need adrenaline and an IV line ― quick as you can, please.

🤣

There are two use cases you’ll want to consider:

> - **Decorative Icons** that are only being used for visual or branding reinforcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Decorative icons** that are only being used for visual or branding reinforcement.
```

  If they were removed from the page, users would still understand and be able to use your page.

> - **Semantic Icons** are ones that you’re using to convey meaning, rather than just pure decoration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Semantic icons** are ones that you’re using to convey meaning, rather than just pure decoration.
```

  This includes icons without text next to them that are used as interactive controls — buttons, form elements, toggles, etc.

> ### Decorative Icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Decorative icons
```

If your icons are purely decorative, you’re already done!
The `aria-hidden=true` attribute is added so that your icons are properly accessible (invisible).

> ### Semantic Icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Semantic icons
```

> #### Semantic SVG Icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Semantic SVG icons
```

</IconButton>;
```

> #### Semantic Font Icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Semantic font icons
```
